we're here at CES 2024 in the hyperx
arena check out hp's brand new laptop
starting with the Spectre and also we
have an omen transcend that looks like a
fantastic gaming laptop this thing right
here though man I don't know if you guys
remember what the old Spectre looked
like but it had diamond cut edges all
the way along the side that were for one
sharp I don't like sharp laptops and
also they just look kind of I don't know
it wasn't good it wasn't bad but it was
certainly A vibe and this one right here
I really like the way that they've
rounded it off it feels great to just
hold like this but they have maintained
that little Diamond edged corner right
here so if we look at the I/O we have
Thunderbolt 4 another Thunderbolt 4
that's at a 45° angle they say That's
great so you can have you know your
charger going off to the side instead of
directly into your mouse then on the
other side 3.5 mm headphone jack and USB
type A it has all aluminum construction
so it's a little bit on the heavier side
compared to a magnesium laptop that's
14in but at just over 3 lb is not too
bad and the build quality is absolutely
fantastic like if we give her a big old
reef on it here you can see this table
is a lot less stable than this laptop
thanks to be quiet for sponsoring our
CES 2024 coverage if you're shopping for
your next PC build or just new
components in general make sure to check
out be quiet their premium products
include PC cases power supplies Water
and Air Cooling and fans for desktop PCS
with roots in Germany they've been in
the industry for more than 20 years and
specialize in making high quality parts
that are nearly inaudible this year at
CES they're showcasing their new white
PC cases white fans and even white hard
drive cages step into the world of
Silent Computing with be quiet at the
link down
below we had to move cuz they started
playing copyrighted music there's a
party starting but the real party is how
good is this keyboard let us
see it is awesome I would give it an
Easy A it doesn't quite get the A+ that
the dragonfly has but you know when
you're making one of the best
laptops
yeah not an A+ but a solid a which is
better than most what we also have here
is a new haptic touch pad so this right
here is using little Force sensors and
peos so that when you press on it
instead of it actually clicking it's
vibrating and giving you a little
tactile bit now it doesn't feel quite
like how I would want it but the one ful
thing about htic touchpads look at this
I can go right down in here change the
intensity and now there we go I like it
about right there so that's what I love
about these Force touch pads you can
sort of adjust how much force it takes
to actuate it and just tune it to how
you like love it also what I love this
display it is
2.8k 120 htz but it goes down to 48 in
order to save you battery life and it
just looks fantastic did I mention that
it's OLED cuz you would not be mistaking
that for something else look look at
those black Sandy they say it has up to
400 nit Peak brightness which is not the
brightest that we've seen but at the
same time with that contrast of the OLED
man does it ever look good also it's a
little 14-in laptop with 120 HZ display
I absolutely love that laptops even like
the more professional ones are starting
to get high refresh rate and also
you can do that if you want I don't but
you can now to get into the Spectre you
can use either a fingerprint up on the
power button right here best spot to
have that or Windows hello facial
recognition up top and that is attached
to an excellent webcam so this thing
right here is 9
megapixels in a webcam all right how is
this webcam wow this is a challenging
environment bunch of direct lights but
if I move around here wow that that that
is sharp you can see that my hair is
kind of being a bit strange normally you
can't do that with a webcam and it is so
good exposing forur my face look at Andy
he's got this super bright light right
here but we can also still see detail in
the black areas and it is always
exposing for my face excellent job HP
one of my favorite things to do at CES
is to ask if I can take it apart
everyone always says no and then you ask
a couple more times and then you get to
take it apart four T5 screws later here
and we can get into this thing right
here and see their cooling solution so
we have two fans two heat pipes we have
up to an Intel Ultra 7
155h and also we have up to 32 GB of RAM
at
7467 megga transfers per second that
unfortunately is soldered right here but
you also cannot get those kind of speeds
with sodm here we have a removable Wi-Fi
car that's up to WiFi 7 and a removable
SSD so you can upgrade that in the
future here we have our 68w battery
which is absolutely massive look at how
much of the laptop that is taking up and
they say that it will get you up to 14
hours of battery life and even though a
lot of laptop manufactures I'm like HP
is generally pretty good but we will
have to test in the lab to know for sure
if you want a larger battery though and
a lot more power here is the new Spectre
16 this right here is essentially the
same except well larger obviously we
have an HDMI 2.1 on the side in addition
to the rest of the io which remains
unchanged and also we have an up to an
RTX 4050 in this thing so I could see a
lot of content creators being drawn
towards this when maybe you're not so
happy with what Dell's done with their
most recent refreshes also here we have
look at the size of this
trackpad it's absolutely massive now
sadly I don't know how many watts the
4050 in this will be able to consume so
I can't comment on just how powerful
this will be but at the same time if
you're looking at this you're probably
not looking for the most powerful laptop
you just want something that's nice to
go around it's about 4 lb feels great
trackpad again look at this trackpad and
it also has all the other things that
made the 14 fantastic if you do want
performance though oh we have the omen
transcend 14 this is a whole new skew
everyone these days has a 14-in gaming
laptop and this right here in my opinion
is one of the best one thing that's kind
of strange about it is that around back
we do all of the Power delivery over
USBC so it comes with 140 W USBC charger
and the rest of the I/O is pretty good
around this side they have two USB type
A's to make sure that the cord of your
mouse goes just directly into it while
you're gaming around back you USBC with
power delivery and display out although
I could not confirm if this is wired up
for Nvidia Optimus HDMI 2.1 Thunderbolt
4 and 3.5 mm headphone jack now as far
as I can tell it's all plastic
construction on this thing but the build
quality is just absolutely fantastic I'm
going to have to take this apart and see
if it's magnesium just cuz how did they
get something that's made out of plastic
this stiff like look at that if I really
refund it does bend a little bit but you
aren't going to be doing that dayto day
for the display we get as far as I can
tell the same panel that's on the
Spectre 14 but without touch so this
right here yeah can't be doing any of
that but at the same time for a gaming
laptop this thing is absolutely
fantastic so 120 htz but it's variable
so down to 48 and it has full coverage
of DCI P3 the other two do as well but
that's kind of expected in a business
laptop not so much in a thin gaming
laptop what should be noted though is
that that variable refresh rate is not
g-sync so with OLED panels it's very
difficult to get variable refresh rates
because your brightness is somewhat tied
to your refresh rate so this right here
would just have several like I don't
know what the numbers are but like 48 60
52 blah blah blah up to 120 all
pre-calculated for the brightnesses to
make sure that it works just nice now
one thing that I was immediately
concerned about when I saw this design
was the keyboard cuz it is a little bit
weird just like how they include macafee
on their devices as you can see here
though we do have four zones of RGB
there is going to the option for
individual key RGB as well in the future
and my fears that they might have
screwed it up based on the Zero lattice
design were completely unfounded these
right here especially for a gaming
laptop are some of the best keys that
I've felt they have that really nice
satisfying travel but also if you look
there's no key movement when I'm pushing
it like this I can push on the side
whole key actuates at the same time it
feels actually fantastic this right here
is one of the rare gaming laptops where
I would like it for both typing and
gaming it's maybe even a little bit
stiff for gaming but I really like
typing on my gaming laptops for
performance we get up to an in Ultra 9
185h and an RTX 470 with up to 80 Watts
dedicated the GPU with 15 watts of
dynamic boost HP does claim that this is
going to be the best cooled 14-in laptop
which I'm sure is something Asus will be
very pleased to hear for Phillips head
screws later and we are in and oh wow
that is one heck of a vapor chamber look
look at the size of this guy it just
covers the entire thing we cannot see
any of like the ram any of the CPU any
of the GPU it is just Vapor chamber here
how do you guys not have issues with it
like drying out with it being so large
that is okay maybe they can say it's the
best cooled I don't know we'll have to
test it later also in here we can see
that we have our SSD which is removable
like to see that and a 71w battery that
the claim is good for up to 11 hours
away from the wall which in a gaming
laptop like this means that you can kind
of just daily drive this thing for all
of your needs and then just be able to
game after instead of a lot of gaming
laptops where it's like you can game and
everything else is pretty bad The Omen
transcend 14 is expected to start at
$2,000 the Spectre 14 $4.99 we're not
totally sure about the 16 yet and
they're all available now so you can you
can just do it just like I can do the
end of this video thank you for watching
hit like like get subscribed and just
have a great old day and maybe you know
look at some Vapor Chambers